README.md, before:

# SDS Club's Monthly Challenges 📊
Learn through continuous learning experiences with an on-going experience. Challenges will bring your Data Science skills to the next level.<br /><br />

## **SDS Challenge #9** - Email Fraud

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_emails.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_emails.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **SDS Challenge #8** - Song Popularity 

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_songs.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_songs.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **SDS Challenge #7** - Laptop Prices

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_laptops.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_laptops.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **SDS Challenge #6** - Medical Appointment No Shows

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_appointments.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_appointments.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **SDS Challenge #5** - Stack Overflow Questions

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_questions.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_questions.csv (dataset to train and test)
```
## **SDS Challenge #4** - Hostel Listings

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_listings.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_listings.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **Challenge #3** - Job Postings

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge problem)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_jobs.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_jobs.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **Challenge #2** - Used Cars Prices

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge problem)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_cars.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_cars.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **Challenge #1** - Flight Cancellations

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge problem)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_flights.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_flights.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

Commit message:

add challenge 10 and previous answers

README.md, after:

# SDS Club's Monthly Challenges 📊
Learn through continuous learning experiences with an on-going experience. Challenges will bring your Data Science skills to the next level.<br /><br />


**NOTE: answers to previous challenges will be added to the `answers` folder after the end of each challenge**

## **SDS Challenge #10** - Consumer Reviews

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_reviews.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_reviews.csv (dataset to train and test)
```


## **SDS Challenge #9** - Email Fraud

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_emails.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_emails.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **SDS Challenge #8** - Song Popularity 

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_songs.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_songs.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **SDS Challenge #7** - Laptop Prices

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_laptops.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_laptops.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **SDS Challenge #6** - Medical Appointment No Shows

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_appointments.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_appointments.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **SDS Challenge #5** - Stack Overflow Questions

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_questions.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_questions.csv (dataset to train and test)
```
## **SDS Challenge #4** - Hostel Listings

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_listings.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_listings.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **Challenge #3** - Job Postings

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge problem)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_jobs.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_jobs.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **Challenge #2** - Used Cars Prices

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge problem)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_cars.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_cars.csv (dataset to train and test)
```

## **Challenge #1** - Flight Cancellations

```
    ├── challenge.ipynb (challenge problem)
    ├── data
        ├── pred_flights.csv (dataset to predict on)
        └── public_flights.csv (dataset to train and test)
```
